Hi.
We didn't this lecture we are going to continue our upload process by taking care of the problems.
So far we haven't experienced any problem yet but as we're naming every image as an image that J pack
it will create a problem for us because this actually saves everything in this surge as image that J
PAC and if we had a previous image that J PAC it will get replaced.
So let me test this.
So let me upload another picture to a we're so rich and we got the your URL back and it's working actually.
But let me go back to my storage and let me refresh this.
OK so that we can see the new details in here.
And if if it's working row of curves we expect to see two images inside of our storage folder inside
of our media folder.
Right.
Because we uploaded two images so far but as you can see we only see one.
So if I click on those it will download the image and this is the last image that I have uploaded.
It's kind of a problem for me because if I do it this way there will be only one post in my whole Instagram
app and I don't want this to happen so I have to come up with a way to rename all the images in a different
way.
So they will have to have their own unique names.
So maybe it's sparked something in your head.
Right.
Because we did it before.
We have used universally unique ideas to give unique ideas in our art book section maybe you remember.
Right.
So we're going to do the same thing in here as well.
We're going to use you you I.D. this time not for giving I.D. but giving names.
So we're going to convert you you I.D. two strings and we're going to rename our images with you you
I.D..
So every time we do this operation they will get different names.
So how do we do that.
Maybe you remember.
So you can try to do it on your own.
But let me show you because it's only one line actually.
You see you you I.D. dot you you I.D. with parentheses actually and Dot you have to say you you I.D.
drink because this has its own object you you I.D. type.
We have to convert this to a string by saying you you I.D. drink.
OK.
And this will create a unique I.D. for us a unique given the random text for us every time we do that.
So rather than saying image that J PAC I'm gonna go ahead and say you you I.D. in here so that every
time I upload something it will have a different kind different kind of name actually not different
kinds.
So let me run this from the beginning and let me just test as if we can actually upload two images to
the server.
So let me upload one here like Mona Lisa.
So let me upload this once I see the euro all in here I can go back and upload another one.
OK.
So we can do this here as well.
Let me go for this one and it it got uploaded as well I believe.
Yes.
Let's go back to our media folder.
Let's open the files or folders from here.
If we go in side of our media we have to see three images right now.
Two of them from the session.
And one of them from the last one.
Here you go we have the need to 1.
So if I click on this it will download this and it downloaded it but it came up as a different file
like a DMV file.
The M.S. files are.
And the reason for that is we didn't specify any extension.
Once we uploaded this remember we just actually uploaded this VW UI this string name.
But in here we have used dot J pack before.
So we have to make sure we give extensions then we upload this.
So let me go back here and rather than saying you you I.D. we can just add you you I.D. that J pack
in order to do that of course I'm going to wrap this with parentheses and put some reverse slash here
like we did before.
So remember this provides us opportunity to use variables inside of strings.
And here you go.
Now we will add j peg at the end of this u u I.D. so that we can actually save all of this information
with a J Pag exception.
So let's test this in our simulator lets go to upload.
Let's go to let's go and select one more.
OK.
We're uploading the Mona Lisa and then one more time.
Let's go to scream or Yep scream will do.
So let's go to upload.
And here we go.
Now let's go back to our storage file.
Let's refresh this and let's go into the media.
And here we go now we have these two files with you you I.D. names but this time with a J Pag extension.
So we're good to go here.
We we are now completed these upload process so we are good to go with downloading and uploading everything
as we want.
So now let me close this down because I think we're pretty certain this is working.
OK.
And let's go back to our code.
Let me delete all of this actually so that I don't have a lot of images in my downloads folder.
So let me close this down and let's go back to our X code.
So the thing is in this area of course we can display an alert message.
OK.
And in order to do that I'm going to create a function for that I'm going to code is make Eliot and
of course I'm going to start by saying let Elliot is going to be an UI alert controller.
OK.
And this is not autocomplete Inc.
I believe it's going to come back soon once it recovers.
And of course this is not let.
It has to be func OK I'm creating get functioning here.
And if I open parentheses yep this time in total complete so for a title I'm going to go for error.
And of course we can get that title inputs and their message inputs in order to use this more than one
time as we usually do.
OK.
So in the title I'm going to say a title input OK in the message I'm going to go for message input and
preferred style is going to be Elliot and then we have to add a new button to here.
OK button OK I'm going to say this is going to be a UI error to action.
And for the title of this button I'm going to go for OK sale will be cancel or default doesn't matter.
I don't need any handler and I'm going to say alert up add action.
OK.
Button.
And finally we can present this words of curse animation we love animations and completion nil.
So rather than displaying this print I'm going to come over here and say Make Elliot M for a title.
I'm going to say error an error message will come from this error that localized description and it
will show the error message of this fire base.
So if we can provide a default value for nil or for empty locations that would be great.
And it asks us to add stuff and it makes sense because we are in a closure.
So here we go.
Now I believe we're done with this uploading process.
So what we want is to get this image URL and we're getting this in here rather than printing this I
want to add this to our database.
So after this we're going to do our database actions inside of that closure.
OK so that whenever a user comments writes that comment and hits the upload button I'm going to take
the imager I'll take these comments take the user name and take the data from the system and upload
them to my database.
That's what we're going to work on in the next lecture.